Week 1

This week, we established meeting times outside of the tutorial class, project objectives, the tech stack we wanted to use and a rough plan for the recommendation system. I was voted to be the Scrum Master, so I setup the Jira account and made a temporary GitHub repo for everyone to work in. The GitHub classroom setup instructions will be out next week, so I plan to move everything in this repo at that point.

Week 2

Over the weekend, Connor made user stories, and during the meeting on Tuesday, we went through and reviewed them. We then finalised the tech stack for our application, and started working on our proposal. I've been given the System Architecture role, and I want to finish it by the end of this week. Finally, I setup GitHub classroom, and moved all of the contents from the temporary repo into the classroom repo.

Week 3

This week, our team finished off the proposal assignment. On Thursday, we assigned roles for our first sprint. The sprint focused on setting up the system architecture (i.e. the Flask application, MonogDB database and React frontend). Furthermore, we wanted to create CRUD operations for podcasts. I wanted to learn GraphQL so I was tasked with setting up the API for it on the frontend side. By next week, I hope to have the GraphQL API finished.

Week 4

This week, we setup our application architecture and GraphQL API. We managed to get podcast uploading working, although it toook longer than expected due to everyone in the group being new to GraphQL. I also worked on a couple of the Frontend pages, including the upload functionality and preview. By next week, I hope to have completed the dashboard and audio player.

Week 5

This sprint, I completed the dashboard and audio player functionality. I also managed to get Canva Pro (via GitHub Student) so that I could download our branding as SVGs. I updated the website with the new branding (and softer colours) and it looks a lot better! Next week, I hope to have completed more operations for the podcast, as well as improve the 'recent podcast' page.

Week 6

This sprint, I added to the audio player functionality and revamped the upload page. Now, users are able to upload covers to and create podcast episodes. Next week, I hope to have completed the edit/updating podcast and episode pages as well as the search page.

Week 7

This week I finished the search podcast page and the update podcast page. I also moved all creator pages into its own separate seciton to make it clear what role the user should have when on one page (i.e. if they should be a listener or a creator). Next week, I want to finish the podcast editing page and work on more testing for the frontend.1

Week 8

This sprint, I finished all podcast operations accessible to the creator - creating/viewing/uploading/deleting. It took a lot longer than I thought it would because it was involved with many moving parts (especially with the backend). We had our Demonstration B and Retrospective B today (Thursday) as well and are hoping to implement the actionables from both meetings over the next sprint. Next week, I want to have made a start on my sections of the report and demo, as well as finialised the frontend side of the project.

Week 9

During this sprint, I finished off the final user stories for the frontend and helped the team start documenting any bugs in the entire system.
By this point, the majority of the application was quite stable, so I encountered very few technical issues.
The plan for next week is to start writing the report and fix any problems with the frontend (if any are found).

Week 10

Final week! We have finished testing and most of the report writing content. Overall, I am very happy with the progress that the team has made, and I had a lot of fun building UltraCast! This week, we will be practicing our presentation for the final demo assessment. After that, we're done!